go for it what's up this is to meet and
you're watching is this what you want
with DJ be Joe you don't know one is
that right is this what you want yeah
you sure yeah what's up this is some
meat and I'm tuning into is this what
you want more fire productions please
that was no good because you're not more
fiber production don't even know could
walk by appetizer kid Eddie what's going
down what the hell out of here man is
freezing what up what up sit up yeah man
guess what's up djv Joe representing DJ
I got you okay I gotta get you in your
nest in your natural stage let the world
see for me as she is it's fire fire it's
fire dan nice TJ visa tjb Joe okay you
find this thing okay yes really yeah
I next steps
me
Oh
you get my hair I
and
let me wear
oh and I am
what you get my head and
so let the people know who sumeet is the
people i don't know let him get familiar
with you except everybody im sue me I'm
an R&B singer coming from Canada now
based in New York had the opportunity to
work with a lot of people on my debut
album which is called deeper into the DJ
beetle produce one of my tracks ghost my
first single is called agony with
Elephant Man be sure to check it out you
can check me at ww silly music com
that's su mi et music com check it out
alright so you worked with a lot of
people any album those people for the
people that haven't checked out the
album or haven't seen it yet besides
elephant man who else can they expect
the hair on it well man I had the chance
to work with another artist dev a brat
who's also based out of Jamaica new
up-and-coming reggae artist I'm begging
the reggae scene I grew up listening to
a lot of reggae so that's love for me I
got a chance to collaborate with Dave
O'Donnell who was up for a Grammy last
year for this tune that is called rush
to real slow kind of girl with little
beat box in it DJ be Joe of course was
on the album on ghost he co-produced it
and for the rest you got to check the
snippets man it's on the website check
the snippets a financial what you want
to get 0 B I gotta run be when it comes
then we'll go he's still on the phone
you can get some work done you gotta
work every minute but I mean yeah I'm
gonna outfit on me oh you look good
Ilana mr. let me slip the people see how
you but no not because don't be casting
cuz you got on because i had the heels
on before or yours ah sure sure you did
today i'm a bank now samee rocking some
old dirty sneakers so he's rockin his
style man and why stylist was
comfortable and that's what matters you
heard
so being on sign to me Thank You own
little label samee music yes you got a
song on one a vh1 show at the major
thank you what what song is then you
know how that that song is rush and they
contacted us about using it for the show
airs februari 14 not even the show call
can't get a date ah and airs on
Valentine's Day weekend activity is that
the meat available for dates I cemitas
married to the music oh I got no time
for that oh uh sorry five yeah I
gotta stay focused man it's my first
love has got to come first
to beat yeah well I guess you know I
can't ask that question then what I say
if you're thinking why not and then what
do you want what you looking for in a
guy this now that none that that one
just isn't go uh so I produced a song
ghost on the album deeper mm-hmm what
made you wanna speak on that topic on my
track well Jack spoke to me and you know
I was going through some things gone
through some things I'm I'm not
necessarily whip man right now but
doesn't mean I'm not hunted by past
experiences I've had being artists i
think i might be a little overly
sensitive what time to carry things
around with me like that so so that's
this about my own personal store and
ghosts but i think a lot of people will
be able to relate i'm going to go into
details on that one you gotta listen to
the song to know what happened um that
it was a rough yeah just talk just talk
forever just talk forever scarred
forever a star p how's your sister doing
my sis was good she's good I believe
that you wrote you've made that beat the
ghost be initially for your sister isn't
that right I did yes then I found out
about you came in and we recreated the
whole thing and now Tony album that's
right getting royalty checks now cuz of
you watch out yeah yeah we just recorded
the libraries in a rush which is dope to
me I feel there's nothing better than
like a live band is performing with a
live band is the bomb because you get
all these different instruments and all
the characters of the people playing it
comes out in the instrument like they've
got their own voices
so can we expect to meet live unplugged
type CD hey don't don't it never know
man we're working on it well we're
actually putting the band together now
done rush with the bin and ghost so far
nice back up baby back here
so yeah we hanging out to meet studio
making hits where you off to now a show
right where would L commit yeah don't
let them know called rum jungle in
Jamaica Queens watch out is tonight nice
yeah